README.md, before:

# Install

    pip install hoon

# Use

    import hoon
    print hoon.hash(hoon.fread('README.md'))
    # Print the sha1 for this file

# Use notes:

Don't expect backwards compatibility in hoon, each version usually breaks everything with the previous. e.g.: function names

hoon is for quick development not to be used in other modules.

# Documentation

### binhash(s, algorithm=sha1)
Return the digest of the string passed in s. This string may contain
non-ASCII characters, including null bytes.

algorithm parameter defaults to sha1.
### fappend(f, data, create=True)
Write contents to file.
Parameter create sets wether to create a new file or not.
### fexists(f)
Check if path exists
### force_ascii(s)
Force a string to convert to ASCII.
non-ASCII characters will be droped
TODO: check for better solutions
### fread(f, create=False)
Read file contents.
Parameter create sets wether to create a new file or not.
### fwrite(f, data, create=True)
Write data to file.
Parameter create sets wether to create a new file or not.
### hash(s, algorithm=sha1)
Like binhash() except the digest is returned as a string of double
length, containing only hexadecimal digits.

algorithm parameter defaults to sha1.
### obj(name=anonymous)
Returns a new object
TODO: change the type and allow for isinstance() to work properly
### opcodes(a, b)
Get a list of tuples describing how to turn a into b.
### prettify(thing, indent=2)
Some humans like it this way
### qmatch(a, b, ratio=1)
Fast test the similarity of two sequences by testing with
real_quick_ratio() first.
### qratio(a, b)
Return an upper bound on ratio() very quickly.
### ratio(a, b)
Return a measure of the sequences' similarity.
### request(url, data)
Makes a simple request. If no data it's a GET else it's a POST.
Returns a string.
### sequence_matcher(a=None, a=None, a=None, b=None, b=None, b=None, isjunk=None, isjunk=None, isjunk=None)
Short for the SequenceMatcher constructor.
isjunk is moved to the right so it's not required
when providing a and b parameters.
### translate(s, old, new)
Translate each character in old to the character
at the same positionin new

# Bugs & Co.

Found bugs or have a new feature that you want to add?

     * [Fork and add changes](https://github.com/medecau/hoon/fork)
     * [Fork and write tests that fail](https://github.com/medecau/hoon/fork)
     * [Submit an issue in github](https://github.com/medecau/hoon/issues)

Commit message:

docs for the pink module add MANIFEST

README.md, after:

# Install

    pip install hoon

# Use

    import hoon
    print hoon.hash(hoon.fread('README.md'))
    # Print the sha1 for this file

# Use notes:

Don't expect backwards compatibility in hoon, each version usually breaks everything with the previous. e.g.: function names

hoon is for quick development not to be used in other modules.

# Documentation

### binhash(s, algorithm=sha1)
Return the digest of the string passed in s. This string may contain
non-ASCII characters, including null bytes.

algorithm parameter defaults to sha1.
### fappend(f, data, create=True)
Write contents to file.
Parameter create sets wether to create a new file or not.
### fexists(f)
Check if path exists
### force_ascii(s)
Force a string to convert to ASCII.
non-ASCII characters will be droped
TODO: check for better solutions
### fread(f, create=False)
Read file contents.
Parameter create sets wether to create a new file or not.
### fwrite(f, data, create=True)
Write data to file.
Parameter create sets wether to create a new file or not.
### hash(s, algorithm=sha1)
Like binhash() except the digest is returned as a string of double
length, containing only hexadecimal digits.

algorithm parameter defaults to sha1.
### obj(name=anonymous)
Returns a new object
TODO: change the type and allow for isinstance() to work properly
### opcodes(a, b)
Get a list of tuples describing how to turn a into b.
### prettify(thing, indent=2)
Some humans like it this way
### qmatch(a, b, ratio=1)
Fast test the similarity of two sequences by testing with
real_quick_ratio() first.
### qratio(a, b)
Return an upper bound on ratio() very quickly.
### ratio(a, b)
Return a measure of the sequences' similarity.
### request(url, data)
Makes a simple request. If no data it's a GET else it's a POST.
Returns a string.
### sequence_matcher(a=None, a=None, a=None, b=None, b=None, b=None, isjunk=None, isjunk=None, isjunk=None)
Short for the SequenceMatcher constructor.
isjunk is moved to the right so it's not required
when providing a and b parameters.
### translate(s, old, new)
Translate each character in old to the character
at the same positionin new


# pink
### factor(num, short=False)
Calculates the factors of num
TODO: remove short
### fibseq(num)
Returns the fibonacci sequence in a list up to num
### isprime(num)
Checks for the primality of a number
### nextprime(num)
Returns the next prime
## Fibonacci()
### next()


# Bugs & Co.

Found bugs or have a new feature that you want to add?

     * [Fork and add changes](https://github.com/medecau/hoon/fork)
     * [Fork and write tests that fail](https://github.com/medecau/hoon/fork)
     * [Submit an issue in github](https://github.com/medecau/hoon/issues)
